##PyBer Challenge
The purpose for this analysis is to determine the relationship between Fares and City Types (Urban, Suburban, and Rural) across various views over a selected time period, Jan 2019 – April 2019.  As well as understanding the total revenue by City Type during this time period.  Utilizing data sets based on the specific fares and the info on drivers by city. we were able to blend data to present a cleaner overview of the company’s fee structures.  Overall, the City Type Urban generates the most Revenue, adding up both Suburban and Rural does not equate to the revenue that Urban generates.
Insert graph
The data overall was very clean and easy to use.   The interpretation of the data I do feel provides a bit of challenge to compare the different city types to each other.  As Urban is such a large portion of the business and influences: # of rides, fare per ride, and total revenue.  I would consider creating separate reports that allow you to better understand each segment of the business by City Type; though you could consider just 2 segments to review the business; Urban on its own and Suburban and Rural combined.  As we are already breaking down the data by City Type I don’t feel this is necessary.  However, if we were to move more granularly into the data, I think 2 segments that are analyzed separately would make the most sense to better analyze and predict future patterns as the Urban customer seems to have different habits.

Reviewing the data, I feel that targeting the Urban cities generate the most Revenue, so continue to focus there.  But, if we were to have additional data from riders about why they chose to ride with PyBer in a post conversion transactional email.  I believe we could easily understand how we could most effectively continue to evolve to our customers’ needs and create higher ROI on our marketing spend.  Again, referencing the previous paragraph, I truly believe that the motive for riding with PyBer differs greatly City Type.  Having a better understanding about how they liked the experience and why they rode with us could help us define our customers’ needs by city type and cater to each users needs.

